[Music]
I am Hemraj
Sharma I have one
daughter and
I had one son I love Mahim so much If I
say something to my daughter or her mother or get
angry then someone will come and say to me Papa
why do you do this You will get angry and you will feel pain
Leave it to them only Patch up
person used to patch up for everyone
Like every day Siddharth left the office to come home
And was crossing the road Suddenly
a car came and he could never reach home After that he could never reach home
[Music]
Excuse me sir can I ask you something
Sir do you know what is written on your T-shirt
I lost my 32 year old only son in an
drunk and drive road accident
You don't mind can I ask you
what was your plan now Actually how are you
going
[Music]
Back from normally I drive only I am
glad that you took this decision to allow
me to drive you
home safely
Why are you doing all this I am doing this so that no
one else  So that my father doesn't have to do
what I'm doing
[music]